Note about malware (#1442)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x05b-Basic-Security_Testing.md

| Hardware interaction | Easy interaction through Bluetooth, NFC, 4G, WiFi, biometrics, camera, GPS, gyroscope, ... | Usually fairly limited, with emulated hardware input (e.g. random GPS coordinates) |
| API level support | Depends on the device and the community. Active communities will keep distributing updated versions (e.g. LineageOS), while less popular devices may only receive a few updates. Switching between versions requires flashing the device, a tedious process. | Always supports the latest versions, including beta releases. Emulators containing specific API levels can easily be downloaded and launched. |
| Native library support | Native libraries are usually built for ARM devices, so they will work on a physical device. | Some emulators run on x86 CPUs, so they may not be able to run packaged native libraries. |

> | Malware danger | Malware samples can infect a device, but not when you can flash the firmware and clear out the storage, this should not be a problem. Be aware that there are malware samples that try to exploit the USB bridge | Malware samples can infect an emulator, which can be undone by removing the emulator instance and its storage. Be waware that there are malware Proof of Concepts which try to attack the hypervisor. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Malware danger | Malware samples can infect a device, but if you can flash a clean firmware, thereby restoring the device to factory settings, this should not be a problem. Be aware that there are malware samples that try to exploit the USB bridge. | Malware samples can infect an emulator, but the emulator can simply be removed and recreated. It is also possible to create snapshots and compare different snapshots to help in malware analysis. Be aware that there are malware Proof of Concepts which try to attack the hypervisor. |
```

Reviewer 2: Agree. Will gladly approve once changed :)

Author: so no explicits about wiping storage? because sometimes reset to factory settings (in my galaxy S7 Edge) meant: you do have base image, but you also have files on your FS...for some weird reason..

Reviewer 2: If that's the case then I'd also keep the explicit " wipe / clear out" storage part.

> | Malware danger | Malware samples can infect a device, but not when you can flash the firmware and clear out the storage, this should not be a problem. Be aware that there are malware samples that try to exploit the USB bridge | Malware samples can infect an emulator, which can be undone by removing the emulator instance and its storage. Be waware that there are malware Proof of Concepts which try to attack the hypervisor. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Malware danger | Malware samples can infect a device, but if you can clear out the device storage and flash a clean firmware, thereby restoring it to factory settings, this should not be a problem. Be aware that there are malware samples that try to exploit the USB bridge. | Malware samples can infect an emulator, but the emulator can simply be removed and recreated. It is also possible to create snapshots and compare different snapshots to help in malware analysis. Be aware that there are malware proof of concepts which try to attack the hypervisor. |
```

Reviewer 2: Here's my take on that one
